{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Nefeli Tsaousi\b0\par
Digital Marketer\par
Brussels, Belgium | nefeli@tsaousis.net | linkedin.com/in/nefeli-tsaousi-0118a61aa\par
\par
\b PROFILE\b0\par
Digital marketer with hands-on experience across B2B tech, beauty, lifestyle, retail, fitness, and higher education. Skilled in campaign execution, social media growth, content creation, event marketing, influencer coordination, email marketing, CRM support, and performance reporting. Known for combining creative brand thinking with structured execution and audience-focused strategy.\par
\par
\b CORE SKILLS\b0\par
Digital Marketing | Campaign Strategy | Social Media Marketing | Content Creation | Email Marketing | CRM and Lifecycle Support | Event Marketing | Influencer Marketing | Brand Strategy | Market Research | Copywriting | Project Coordination | Analytics and Performance Thinking | HubSpot | Encharge | Google Analytics 4 | Shopify | Canva | TikTok | Instagram\par
\par
\b EXPERIENCE\b0\par
\b Events and Digital Marketing Coordinator, Netdata\b0  | Athens | Apr 2024 - Jul 2025\par
\bullet\tab Planned and executed Netdata's presence across major tech conferences, webinars, and meetups, coordinating logistics, messaging, booth materials, and post-event follow-up.\par
\bullet\tab Supported campaigns that contributed to roughly 400 daily trial sign-ups through coordinated marketing activity.\par
\bullet\tab Managed email campaigns for a 400K-user database, reaching a 20% open rate and 5% CTR, with event campaigns reaching up to 10% CTR.\par
\bullet\tab Supported onboarding, event-promotion, and follow-up email flows using HubSpot, Encharge, and Google Analytics 4.\par
\bullet\tab Coordinated influencer and partner activity, collaborated with product, design, and engineering teams, and prepared reporting for internal stakeholders.\par
\par
\b Social Media Manager and Content Creator, Liquid Beauty Parlor\b0  | Athens | May 2025 - Present\par
\bullet\tab Designed and executed content strategy for a beauty brand, strengthening storytelling and visual consistency across social channels.\par
\bullet\tab Built TikTok from scratch to 1,140 followers and 20K likes in 4 months.\par
\bullet\tab Generated an average of 50K views every 30 days on social media and 1,000+ monthly profile interactions.\par
\bullet\tab Used engagement data and content-performance trends to refine future posts and improve brand visibility.\par
\par
\b Social Media Student Assistant, The American College of Greece\b0  | Athens | Jan 2023 - Present\par
\bullet\tab Launched and grew the official deree_acg TikTok account to 10K followers in 6 months from zero.\par
\bullet\tab Created trend-based educational and entertaining short-form content designed to increase visibility and student interest.\par
\bullet\tab Supported audience-growth analysis and generated approximately 200 prospective student inquiries per video campaign.\par
\par
\b Social Media Student Assistant, Deree Athletics Department\b0  | Athens | Jan 2023 - May 2023\par
\bullet\tab Created sport-focused TikTok content and coordinated video planning for college teams.\par
\bullet\tab Grew the account to 4K followers in 4 months from launch.\par
\par
\b Social Media Manager, LF Fitness Salon\b0  | Athens | May 2022 - Jul 2023\par
\bullet\tab Developed a TikTok growth strategy that reached 60K followers in 3 months.\par
\bullet\tab Created short-form content tailored to audience behavior and fitness trends.\par
\par
\b Social Media Coordinator, The Prelevic\b0  | Athens | Apr 2021 - Nov 2021\par
\bullet\tab Created Instagram content, supported influencer communication, and contributed to campaign ideas for brand awareness.\par
\bullet\tab Prepared monthly reports and managed the brand's Pinterest presence.\par
\par
\b Retail Manager, Sales and Shopify Support, MYA Collection\b0  | Athens | Jun 2019 - Oct 2021\par
\bullet\tab Managed the company website on Shopify, coordinated orders, and handled company email communication.\par
\par
\b EDUCATION\b0\par
MSc, Digital Marketing and Customer Experience Management | IESEG School of Management | Graduation Jun 2026\par
BSc, Business Administration, Marketing Specialisation | Deree - The American College of Greece | GPA 3.82\par
\par
\b SELECTED PROJECTS AND LEADERSHIP\b0\par
\bullet\tab Winner, Best 3-Year Marketing Plan (Deree Capstone Project, 2025) for YouthLab Pro Men, a smart eco-conscious skincare concept.\par
\bullet\tab Developed an international marketing strategy for APIVITA's Canadian market entry.\par
\bullet\tab Participant, L'Oreal Brandstorm 2026, creating a beauty-tech wearable fragrance concept.\par
\bullet\tab Social Media Coordinator and President-level contributor for the Fashion Club Governing Body, supporting event promotion, partnerships, and student engagement.\par
\bullet\tab Supervised 20+ volunteers as Social Media Coordinator in the Business Week 2024 Marketing and Promotion Team.\par
\par
\b CERTIFICATIONS\b0\par
Meta Certified Digital Marketing Associate | Google Ads Search | Google Analytics 4 | Brand24 Social Media Monitoring\par
\par
\b LANGUAGES\b0\par
Greek (Native) | English (Fluent) | French (B2 in progress)\par
}
